I'm a melodrama's...
(From the shelf...)
assistant writer.
The total amount of your loan is 187,260 dollars,
and your installment is 865 dollars.
You're going to become an aunt.
- Hold on, Dad. - It's a boy.
Game over.
She wants you to move in now.
I can do that.
(I moved in as scheduled.)
I'm embarrassed by myself.
I couldn't differentiate love from kindness until this age.
The neocortex is located...
at the outer part of your brain,
and it's in charge of the concept of time like the age of 20 or 30.
Whether they're 30 or 40, it's the same today for cats.
His nonsense comforted me...
more than anything else that day.
Hello, you were home...
When I heard your name, I thought you were a woman.
- Did you... - Yes?
fix the tiles in the bathroom?
Did you clean the windows in the living room too?
Yes, I did. That's what I do before I write...
I see.
I'm sorry I didn't get a chance to say goodbye.
Who's there?
When I decided to follow my dream,
I thought my life would be...
like walking through...
a dark tunnel.
But I didn't know it was going to be this dark.
I didn't know it was going to be...
this lonely.
I have...
something to say.
Okay.
If you have some time...
Yes?
Would you marry me?
Yes.
What?
What did you say?
Marriage.
Why would I... Marriage?
Why would we get married?
Why should you and I do something like that?
Why?
Never mind. Please consider it never happened.
- What? - I didn't mean it. Just forget it.
I better sleep.
The sheets are still there in your old room.
- I'm washing the pillow cover... - No, it's okay.
It's not very clean to sleep without a cover.
No, I mean I'll get going.
I told you. I'm just out for a walk.
I'll head out. Thank you for the beer.
(Search destination)
(Gayang-dong, Gangseo-gu)
(Mangwon-dong)
How can I not have anywhere to go?
(Landlord sent you a new message.)
I'm texting you because you won't find a taxi at this time.
The password is the same as it was.
If you have some time...
Would you marry me?
He definitely...
asked me to marry him.
Why does he always...
I'm the one that should be locking. Is he joking?
Get married? We just met.
How can he lock the door after asking me such a question?
Seriously.
I'm going to leave on the first train out.
Yes, this is unit 401.
I think my neighbor is getting a renovation without informing me.
I see.
The sound wasn't from a construction.
I'll only stay until the subway starts running.
I won't be here when you get up, so goodbye.
I'll forget I heard it.
The number you're calling is not available. To leave...
It's me.
Why isn't Ji Ho picking up? She's ignoring my chats.
Really? Did she go in a meeting?
Ho Rang, I have to go.
It didn't get approved. What will you do?
- You can't do it like that. - He's right.
This is an organization...
Ms. Woo. Are you getting fresh air?
Yes.
You should smoke with us.
Well?
You shouldn't joke about things like that.
It's okay, it's Ms. Woo.
Ms. Woo.
- That's true. - She's okay.
The number you're calling is not available. To leave...
She's really not picking up.
I was wondering why you didn't come today.
We only have a few left of this.
You should buy it instead of keep testing it.
Really? This is no good.
I wanted to buy this for my house when I get married.
- Will there be more next year? - Next year?
Just tell your boyfriend you should get married soon.
You better get married while you're still so pretty.
He's such a busy guy.
He graduated from Seoul National University.
Really? What does he do?
You won't understand because it's too complicated.
- You're showing off. - Yes.
(5pm)
Gosh, that scared me.
I feel so rested for only sleeping two hours.
Why would you eat at five in the morning?
No, no. Be quiet.
You'll wake up your owner.
Please eat quietly.
Where are you coming from?
Work.
At this hour?
Yes.
Did you just wake up?
- At this hour? - Yes.
I'm sure I told you yesterday...
that I'll leave on the first train.
Do you mean the last train?
The last train?
You're being harsh.
What do you mean the last train?
What do you take me for?
You've been harsh on me since last night.
I had a lot on my mind so I barely slept for two hours.
I woke up so early so I could take the first train.
I didn't know you would be so rude.
I'm just telling you the facts.
The first train isn't running right now.
- Pardon? - Right now,
it's five in the evening.
You cannot take the first train.
You might take the last train, though.
It's not 5am?
- It's 5pm? - Yes.
So I didn't sleep for two hours...
You slept exactly 14 hours.
Is this real?
Yes. This is real.
I set the alarm wrong.
I really had planned to leave on the first train.
Yes. You were deeply asleep, so I couldn't wake you.
I guess you couldn't sleep well for the last few days.
It must not be comfortable where you are right now.
Why are you...
doing this to me?
Why are you nice to me?
- Me? - Yes.
You gave me the bigger ramyeon.
- You gave me a new pillow case. - That's...
You even asked me to marry you.
I asked you to consider it never happened...
- last night. - But I heard you.
- You don't have to mind... - I mind.
They will get soggy. Let's eat.
Do you...
like me?
(Episode 3: Because This Is My First Proposal)
Do you like me?
No.
I gave you that ramyeon because I'm bad with spicy food.
I gave you a pillow case...
because it's not sanitary to sleep without one.
As for the proposal...
I asked you because I need to.
- You need me? - Yes.
If I must get married,
I thought that you were the perfect fit.
What made you...
What made you come to that conclusion?
I need someone to manage the house, and you need a house.
I need someone to pay rent on a regular basis,
and you need a room without paying the deposit.
Aren't we the best fit to live together?
That's why I asked.
It didn't mean anything else.
But still, how can you propose?
Even still, why would you get married for a house?
Then why do you think people get married?
You know... Love, affection...
That's why people get married.
Right.
That's what most people think.
However, do you need love and affection...
right now?
More than a place to live?
Maybe...
not right now,
but I'll need it one day too.
I see.
I thought you were someone in the same category as I am.
I made a misjudgment.
Please consider this conversation never happened.
Please enjoy your ramyeon before you go.
Ms. Woo, are you still here?
Yes, I'm wrapping things up.
Oh, it's due tomorrow.
Why didn't you let the subordinates take care of it?
You're too experienced to do such things.
Don't be too nice to them because you're a woman.
You should give out orders properly.
Aren't you going home?
Well, I have some things to do.
I should go first since you're here.
Pardon? What's that to do with you going home early?
That's...
not something to do with my work, but what others think.
- Pardon? - The boss said this the other day.
He told me not to work late...
with a single woman like you.
You know how it is.
I know that you don't get it since you're single,
but for married men like me, I have to be careful of rumors.
If nasty rumors start to spread...
Then I'll go home first.
That doesn't mean you can go home so early.
Scumbag.
- Thank you for coming. Goodbye. - Thank you for coming. Goodbye.
- Let's wrap up and go home. - Okay.
- Please clean here. - Okay.
- Please check over here. - Okay.
- How about pho for today? - I love it.
That sounds delicious.
Isn't that guy incredibly cute?
- Unbelievable. - He's totally my style.
He's really good-looking.
Isn't he the boyfriend of the manager?
- I didn't know. - I'm sorry about that.
Isn't he super good-looking?
I'll get going first. See you tomorrow.
- See you tomorrow. - See you.
- Honey. - You're here.
How sweet.
Didn't the manager tell us they went out for a long time?
Didn't she say they went out for about seven years?
But he still picks her up when she works late.
- Isn't it amazing? - It is.
- I'm so jealous. - He's so amazing.
- What did you do today, honey? - Today?
I did some amazing things today.
Did you find some investors? Are they going to invest?
Take a look at this. This is the graph I completed yesterday.
Isn't it really pretty?
Honey, doesn't it look like a constellation?
I guess what Carl Sagan said must be true.
In the end, humans and universe are all connected.
Isn't that really beautiful?
Yes, it is. It looks like some jeon made from a restaurant.
Honey, remember about the sofa I talked about?
Which one? Oh, you mean the new one that came in the store?
Yes.
I heard there are only a few of them left.
I know. Only those who really want it will buy it.
Despite the economic setback, rich ones buy whatever they want.
I heard a lot of newlyweds buy that sofa.
I heard the sofa is perfect for newlyweds' homes.
That's why I said the rice ones.
The rich ones buy whatever they want despite the economy.
Gosh, Korea is so far behind.
Did something bad happen today?
No, I had such a great day today.
Why is she mad then? I didn't do anything wrong today.
Did I do something wrong?
Hey, what's the address where Ji Ho is living?
Soo Ji wants to know because Ji Ho's not picking up her phone.
Ji Ho? She went out of that house last week.
- What? - What?
Didn't you know?
Then where's she been sleeping all this time?
I thought you were the same type of person as I am.
What's that supposed to mean?
What does he mean I'm the same?
Goodness, he's so weird.
(10 Murderers)
Soo Ji, it's me.
Hey, where are you?
You wouldn't even pick up your phone nor text back.
I'll tell you in detail later.
Oh, I'm at where I used to live with the new landlord.
I'm somewhere near there. Where are you exactly?
Oh, really? I'm at a bus stop.
Okay. I see the bus stop.
Some crazy woman is wearing pajamas there.
Where are you?
Well...
That's me.
Ji Ho, did you sleep on the street?
Hey, hey.
What? That's ridiculous.
So did you get out in your pajamas?
That stupid jerk. I should kill him in the middle of night.
Do your director and writer know about this?
That's such nonsense. What a jerk.
I should seriously kill him!
Hey! What's his number?
Hey, come on. Let me talk to her properly.
No one knows.
I just came out of the house without thinking much.
Why didn't you call us?
I didn't know you eat and sleep in the office.
You should have called me.
Then why did you go there when you don't live there anymore?
Just because. I just kept walking.
What do you mean by that? The office is super far.
Ji Ho, do you have something going on with him?
Are you going to fall in love with him?
No, it's not like that. What are you talking about?
I smell something fishy.
It's really nothing.
- But you're stuttering. - That's not true!
Okay, there's no reason to get mad at me.
Hey, just go home already.
Ji Ho, I'm taking you to my house.
Hello.
My name is Hwang Jae Hyun, and I got your number from Ms. Nam.
Hello. Nice to know you.
I believe in fate.
Darn it.
Do you have time tomorrow?
Why are you sitting there when there's bed?
Guests shouldn't sleep on the floor.
I love sleeping on the floor, don't you know?
Ji Ho, you wouldn't mind me working, do you?
It's because a client asked for it.
- A demo day? - Yes.
It's an event where start-up CEOs and investors can meet and chat.
It's like a blind date.
That's a unique name for a company.
This is an online dating app. Haven't you tried it?
If you post up your photo here,
people will rate you.
Rate me?
According to the score, people are placed in different levels.
Then the app introduces you to a man with the same level.
Then...
can't I meet someone who's in a higher level?
Yes, but if you want to meet someone like that,
you have to pay more. Isn't it unbelievable?
Is this like a caste system or something?
I think it'll make some people feel bad.
You know, there are so many people who use this app.
They are the most prominent ones for the event tomorrow.
Every investor wants to invest in it.
People have such healthy mental health these days.
Of course. You have to have a strong mentality to date anyone.
Otherwise, you won't be able to.
Dating is a competition these days.
- You know what I'm saying? - Yes, I do.
Do you have a hole in your jaw? Why do you spill so much?
Goodness.
Humans are simpler than you think.
We focused on that thought.
Why do so many people fail in blind dates?
Having good conversations and good feelings towards each other...
is too subjective.
We decided to be more honest.
We thought humans have basic instincts and came up with the app.
Men tend to focus on women's looks.
On the other hand, women focus on what men are capable of.
It considers the physical distance between people too.
It sets you up with the person who's the closest to you.
As a result, 350,000 people signed up in 5months.
Our sales reached 380,000 dollars per month.
By the way,
Yes.
Why is the application called "Dating, Not Marriage"?
Isn't it better to emphasize on the result of love, marriage?
How can the marriage be the result of love?
Don't you date someone to get married?
So how is it not the result of love?
Marriage limits your freedom.
In modern society, marriage is just a system to preserve your genes.
It's nothing more than that.
Are you talking about the result of love?
That's a false hope of those people who are far behind the times.
They just want to continue the system in the name of love.
- What is he talking about? - What is far behind the times?
Why is he doing that now?
Are you saying that people of my generation are...
behind the times?
No, that's not what we are talking about.
Our application is aiming for...
dating, not marriage.
Everyone has different values, and it affects...
what they focus on and how it happens when it comes to marriage.
However, you share only one value with the person you date.
It's love.
(Love is science. Use your data for Dating, Not Marriage.)
He knows how to sell things.
I told you not to get any questions. That was my role.
You just needed to show your fine face to the investors. Is that hard?
Is it that difficult to act like a normal person for just a little bit?
Am I asking you too much?
Nam Se Hee, your presentation was fantastic. It was amazing.
Se Hee, where are you going?
We just started it off. We have to go to the networking event.
I don't care. You are the normal one. So you can take care of that.
Don't you think so, Mr. Ma?
He does hold a grudge against me quite often.
That's one of his charming points.
I will make him a better person though.
(Myung Villa)
The door is locked.
I came here to pick my things up.
Can I take my things now?
Give me my things, punk.
(Ms. Hwang)
Here's your coffee. Isn't this what you only drink?
Thank you.
Drink up.
Are you still upset at me?
- I'm not, but... - I know.
I'm sorry.
I've been thinking about what you said. You are right.
I always say that I want to do something new and creative.
But we end up doing what we always do.
It's always the same.
Things become the revision of what we did before.
I wasn't like that when I just made my debut though.
But I had to survive.
You know how long we've worked together.
It's been five years.
You know I always want you to be successful.
Do you know that?
Yes, I know.
I always appreciate it.
Then why did you do that?
You are smiling now.
Let's go have some drinks today.
Just the two of us?
- Why? Do you not like it? - No, that's not it.
Do you not drink that much anyway?
Why not? I can drink some today.
Let's go out.
Ms. Hwang.
Thank you.
Don't say that.
Let's go.
You still have some left.
- Hello. - Welcome.
So, finding a date based on a rating system...
sounds like a new caste system to me.
How much do you expect for the estimated revenue?
Well, since we released the last updated version last week,
I'm expecting it to be 300% more than usual.
It's a bit embarrassing, but I humbly say so.
Doesn't that mean you wouldn't need investors like us?
Your investment is what we need to grow up more.
It's our lifeline to go further.
Until we make an IPO, please don't hesitate to support us.
I love his attitude.
- He's not like other young CEOs. - I agree.
- Mr. Park. - Hello, sir.
How have you been?
- How are you? - I'm good.
- Hi. - Nice to meet you.
- Hello. - Hi.
- Your work is very impressive. - Thank you.
Don't you think so, Ms. Woo?
Yes, I do. I love how clear the message was.
Have you used the application too?
I think you will get the diamond level.
Sadly, that didn't happen.
I don't believe you.
Isn't that because you only uploaded pictures of your face?
You should upload the picture of your head to toe.
Really? Are those pictures looking that good?
- I had no idea. - Of course.
Not only is she smart, but she also has a great feature.
She's at the top of the tree.
- Ms. Woo is also... - Mr. Park.
I'm sorry, but can I borrow you a cigarette by any chance?
- I left mine in the car. - Let me see...
Speaking of that, why don't we go out and smoke now?
- Shall we? - I would love that.
- Please come this way. - Let's go.
Wait.
Ms. Woo, you should come with us too.
What are you talking about?
I'll see you later.
[VIU Ver] E03 Because This is My First Life
"Because This is My First Proposal"
-= Ruo Xi =-
The rooftop is the best spot to smoke.
By the way, do you not remember me?
I think I do. Didn't we meet at the wedding?
Yes, that's right. That's where we first met.
- What a small world. - I know, right?
Do you not remember anywhere else?
We met at the rooftop party last year.
We were talking like this and I even lit up your cigarette.
We were drinking beer together.
Oh, you drank a cocktail. After that, we...
Okay.
I guess you don't want to talk about it.
No, that's not it.
Well, since you brought it up. I will talk about it.
We slept together, didn't we?
I was going to pretend it didn't happen.
Did I sleep with you...
last year?
Do you really not remember anything?
It was the room 303. We stayed in that room.
How can you not remember that?
I thought we got along pretty well. Do you not remember that?
I'm sorry.
I usually remember the guys I slept with.
But I can't remember you at all.
I guess you were not that impressive.
Did she say she didn't remember me?
How can that happen? I thought it was very memorable.
How can she not remember my impressive skills?
- Isn't this place great? - Yes, it is.
- Cheers! - Cheers!
I heard Yong Suk...
found a place for Ji Ho.
That's so special. You guys look great together.
I agree.
I like how kids can be friends with the opposite gender these days.
There was nothing like that when I was young.
It was impossible then.
There used to be rumors if they stayed up overnight together.
- It was considered serious then. - That's right.
We suffered a lot because of that.
It's not the case for me, but you're different.
You liked me for real then.
What's wrong with you? Don't be like this.
Why would you bring that up now? Stop it.
How could you change like this?
Well, Ji Ho.
Let me pour you a drink.
Here.
You know, when young people work together,
there are all kinds of happenings.
- It's the same everywhere. - Right.
You punk.
Apologize to her.
I heard he made a huge mistake to you.
So I scolded him so much...
last night.
He said he wanted to apologize to you.
- So I brought him here with me. - Good job.
Ms. Yoon.
I was too drunk that I must've lost my mind.
I'm sorry.
I was going to beat you up to death.
But I didn't for Mr. Park's sake. Do you understand?
What...
are you all doing now?
Why...
Why would you scold him?
Why would you say that?
I'm...
the victim here.
What do you mean, victim?
I don't think that's appropriate.
I was sexually harassed.
No, I was almost raped.
So it's appropriate to call myself a victim.
What do you mean?
How could you say that?
You shut your mouth before I put you in prison.
Ms. Yoon. You're out of line.
We're like family, so you shouldn't behave this way.
We gathered here because of you, and he apologized.
I know.
Why did you have to make such a gathering?
I don't know...
why I should get his apology this way.
Hold on.
Ji Ho.
We're precious to each other.
So we're trying not to break our teamwork.
You're trying?
You call this trying?
It's like I've been struck by a rock and am bleeding now.
Carrying me to a hospital should be considered trying in this situation.
You're rather forcing me to keep going my way,
telling me that I seem all right and I'm not bleeding that much.
You're dragging me by force. This isn't trying.
I'm bleeding so much and hurt to death.
Ji Ho.
You think you're in a college club or something?
If you whine like this for something so trivial,
you won't be able to make any drama.
Drama is about teamwork.
It's related to your past and your future too.
Without us, it's impossible for you to get your script chosen.
Yes,
I'm aware.
So I...
won't write scripts anymore.
I quit.
So don't call me ever again.
Ji Ho.
("A Lucky Day" by Hyun Jin Geon)
Good job.
You did a great job, Ji Ho.
You didn't cry either.
Great job.
- Here, drink one more. - What?
I've had five glasses of it already.
What do you mean, already? It's yet.
You have to drink all night on the day you resign from work.
Right, you just have to repeat drinking and throwing up tonight.
We'll take care of the rest.
You're scary.
- You said you'd comfort me. - Exactly.
Here's another drink of comfort. Cheers.
I can't drink anymore.
Or my stomach will explode.
Then shall we set off now that you're fueled up?
- To where? - Of course, to a karaoke bar.
No, I really can't.
I'll throw up for certain if I go now.
- Please. - I know you won't. Let's go.
- Please... - Let's go.
Soo Ji and Ho Rang have always been like this.
When I go through a hard time,
they never ask me what happened or why it happened...
like others do.
They chat and laugh as usual.
To think, that's the biggest comfort I can ever get.
What?
So are we seeing them tomorrow?
Why would you take care of the matter this poorly?
Okay, I'll go check now.
Do you need to go?
It's about our important client. Things got messed up.
This is why I wanted to turn my phone off.
No, it's all right. Hurry and go.
I'm sorry.
Yes, sir.
Gosh, I'm sorry.
I thought she wanted to drink all night.
(Honey)
Hi, Won Seok.
Gosh, she's so heavy.
You quit your job, so why did she get so excited?
I know. She's not good at drinking either.
How should you go home? It's too late.
- Sleep over at our house. - Come on.
Don't forget that we're 30, not 20.
Here's a taxi.
Oh, taxi.
Thank you.
But they all...
have a place to return to.
All the buses have stopped running.
Except for me.
Why do I always wander around on streets?
(Mom)
Hello?
Where are you? Aren't you going to bed?
I'm still outside. I had some things to do.
Don't stay outside until too late.
It won't make a good impression on your housemate.
I'm on my way home now.
Keep your room tidy all the time.
Wash your cup right after you finish your coffee.
Okay.
Don't just come out after drying your hair.
Wipe the floor every morning and night to remove your hair.
Gosh, please stop nagging. I said okay.
Why you... Why are you throwing a tantrum?
I'm only telling you this stuff because I'm worried.
How can I do any better?
You think everything will work out if I do things well?
You don't know anything.
Okay.
Go home and don't forget to eat your meals.
I'm hanging up.
Ji Ho.
Yes.
You can come down here if Seoul is too cold.
Your room is still here.
You can come anytime, okay?
Hey, hold on. Hold on.
Take this.
- Is it mine? - Yes.
Some man gave it to me, saying it's for unit 401.
I see.
(I'm leaving the bag here as you told me not to call you. Yong Suk.)
What's this?
I took your things from the security office.
I guess my former workplace sent it...
it to that address according to the contract.
I'm sorry about that. Can I go get it today?
Of course. Come anytime you want.
What's this? I haven't had breakfast for so long!
You should have breakfast from time to time.
How can you never have the food that your mom sent you?
Hey, you know my mom makes so much food every time.
Do you want to go out since it's the weekend?
Soo Ji.
I'm going to Namhae today.
You should. Go and take a rest there.
No. I mean, I'm going there for good.
I'm leaving Seoul.
What?
My scenario didn't work, and I have nothing else to do.
If it's about housing, you can stay here.
I'm really okay with it.
It's not about that.
I just...
think Seoul is...
too cold that I'm tired of it.
I'm going to Namhae.
The receiver cannot be reached. Please leave a message...
Is he not in there?
Hey, you. How have you been?
Have you eaten yet?
Let's go.
I'm leaving the bag as you told me not to call you.
I'm sorry.
(Turtle Student Residence)
I can't throw it by myself.
Let me just leave it here.
Please recycle it for me.
Hello.
What did you say to her?
What did you say that her parents are so mad?
What did you say you want from her?
- I asked her to pay monthly rent. - Are you out of your mind?
Why would you get a monthly rent from your future wife?
Because I need rent.
She said she wants to quit her work, have a baby,
and travel when we get married.
So I told her that I want my roommate to pay rent,
do recycling, and clean up after my cat's poop.
That's what I told her.
- Is that wrong? - What do you mean by that?
I mean, even if you don't like her,
is it something normal for you to say on a blind date?
That's definitely not normal.
What is being normal?
Just give and receive love like most men do.
Give birth and live like other people do.
- How's that normal? - That's indeed normal.
Everyone lives like that. What's so hard about it?
Do you know the average cost for getting married in Korea?
I guess it would cost around 50,000 to 60,000 dollars.
The average is 2.7 million dollars.
It costs 3 million dollars to raise a kid.
Why would I get married to a woman...
who doesn't even know the difference between plastic and styrofoam...
and spend so much money?
What on earth are you saying?
Are we having a job interview?
She's really pretty.
Every man would fall for that.
I'm just satisfied with this young and pretty cat.
Do you by any chance...
have a problem?
A problem?
I mean, are you affected by environmental hormones...
that your sexual capability...
- Mother. - Whatever.
Matchmakers think you're weird.
There won't be any more blind dates, so apologize to Ms. Hwang.
I think she still likes you.
- Why would I... - If your dad divorces me...
because of you, I'm going to live here.
You know your dad well, so I won't say much.
Choose if it'd be better to live with your old mother...
or with a young and beautiful wife. It's up to you.
Gosh.
- Excuse... - Goodness!
Well...
I'm really sorry.
I didn't want to be busted by your mother.
No, it's okay. I'm grateful that you did that.
But why did you bring all your luggage?
Did you get kicked out?
Well, yes.
I'm actually going home in Namhae.
What about your job?
I quit it.
I want to thank you for renting me such a nice room.
I could write my first proper scenario here thanks to you,
even though it didn't go well.
You'll do well wherever you go.
You're a very responsible person.
You scored the highest among all the tenants who lived here.
That's right. You'll do well too.
You'll marry a nice woman soon as well.
I don't know.
I don't know if I will be able to marry someone.
Why not? You proposed to me as well.
Why wouldn't you be able to get married?
It's because it was you.
I did that because it was you.
You scored the highest as the tenant.
I need you, not a marriage.
That's why I proposed to you.
I knew it was not the right moment to fall for him.
I need a roommate...
who can guarantee me monthly rent instead of marriage.
But still,
it was the first time...
hearing that someone needs me.
(Boarding Direction)
- Where are you heading? - The earliest ticket to Namhae.
Throughout my life in 20s,
I worked hard to be a person who's needed for something.
I crossed the Han River Bridge whenever I went through a hard time.
Looking over Han River,
I thought there might be...
at least one place...
that needed me in this big city.
That's how I thought.
For 10 years,
this luggage got scratched up so much like me.
It was shiny when I first came to Seoul with it.
(Seoul to Namhae)
For what did I try so hard to live,
when I'd go back to Namhae without any achievement?
There wasn't any place for me...
from the beginning anyway.
What are you doing here?
- How... - Why didn't you answer your phone?
It ran out of battery.
You left these in your room.
Did you come here to give me these?
I was on my way out,
and I remembered you said your bus departs at 7pm.
It seemed like you needed these.
Yes.
I need them.
We'll depart shortly.
Then, goodbye.
Bye.
It's because it was you.
I did that because it was you.
He's the first person...
who said he needed me.
The driver won't wait long because he's upset.
So give me a quick answer.
Okay.
Will you...
marry me?
Hurry. He's waiting.
Okay.
Then I'll go unload my luggage.
He's very upset.
Look.
I have something to ask before then.
Go ahead.
By any chance,
do you like me?
No.
That's how...
our proposal began.
(Because This Is My First Life)
I decided to marry my tenant today.
Are you serious? Are you sure you're marrying a girl?
We've known only for a short time,
but he's someone I need.
- You need him? - I know why you're marrying him.
You can fool everyone, but not me.
- She's pretty. - Is she?
My family is very patriarchal.
Shall I make a scene here?
- Ta-da. - Ta-da.
I thought he loved you at least.
Will you be all right?
Why do you ask such a question?
I love him.
Marrying this tenant is the answer indeed.